The answers to the security questions relate to the boards listed on the main board index. If you are having difficulty with these, or any other difficulty with registration, please contact a staff member. You may be able to contact us on the #neolemmix or #lix IRC channels on QuakeNet.

-----------

We do not have an explicit list of rules on this forum. It is completely at the discretion of moderators or administrators as to what is or is not acceptable, but the following three guidelines should keep you out of trouble:

1. Be nice to other members.
2. Don't spam.
3. Don't post anything strongly illegal. (We tolerate abandonware; we will not tolerate pirated versions of recent titles.)

It is impossible for the staff or the owners of this forum to confirm the validity of posts. Please remember that we do not actively monitor the posted messages, and as such, are not responsible for the content contained within. We do not warrant the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information presented. The posted messages express the views of the author, and not necessarily the views of this forum, its staff, its subsidiaries, or this forum's owner. Anyone who feels that a posted message is objectionable is encouraged to notify an administrator or moderator of this forum immediately. The staff and the owner of this forum reserve the right to remove objectionable content, within a reasonable time frame, if they determine that removal is necessary. This is a manual process, however, please realize that they may not be able to remove or edit particular messages immediately. This policy applies to member profile information as well.

You remain solely responsible for the content of your posted messages. Furthermore, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless the owners of this forum, any related websites to this forum, its staff, and its subsidiaries. The owners of this forum also reserve the right to reveal your identity (or any other related information collected on this service) in the event of a formal complaint or legal action arising from any situation caused by your use of this forum.

You have the ability, as you register, to choose your username. We advise that you keep the name appropriate. Use a complex and unique password for your account, to prevent account theft. Never give your password to another person, not even an administrator. You also agree to NEVER use another person's account for any reason. 

After you register and login to this forum, you may fill out a detailed profile. It is your responsibility to present clean and accurate information. Any information the forum owner or staff determines to be inaccurate or vulgar in nature will be removed, with or without prior notice. Appropriate sanctions may be applicable.

With each post, your IP address is recorded, in the event that you need to be banned from this forum or your ISP contacted. This will only happen in the event of a major violation of this agreement.

The software places a cookie in your browser's cache. This is only used to keep you logged in. The software does not collect any other form of information from your computer.